it's hard to just give money away
sometimes that's the worst thing you
could do but I mean I would look to say
the Gates Foundation which now has 60
billions of dollars to give away how are
they doing it and I think they're going
about it rather wisely I mean they have
put processes in place and objectives in
place and they're targeting certain
things in certain parts of the world
that would appear to be at first some of
the lowest hanging fruit some of the
things that need to be done they might
have the greatest leverage for us to
move forward looking at things like you
know population growth endemic disease
corruption and try to apply it in a ways
that the money gets handed to people who
are responsible for it using techniques
that seem to be proven to be effective
hundreds of billions of dollars have
already been wasted and get people
giving money away but at the same time
when people say aid doesn't work I mean
that's really not true because a lot of
a's does work you can just look at some
of the money that's been spending
recently for eliminating simple things
like malaria and other diseases and it
there's been a lot of ways to
effectively do that and certainly we
should learn from that and there's
plenty of smart people working on
exactly this and there are there would
be ways to give away a hundred billion
dollars although I'm sure you wouldn't
do it all on a you wouldn't do it all at
once
you